Music
From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics,
Harmontown is now in session!
Music
Spencer Crittenden did, everybody!
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Music
Thank you!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're looking very smart in your camouflage hoodie. I like that.
I walked off the set of Great Minds wearing this. This isn't mine.
This is Wardrobe?
Yeah.
I'm probably still wearing makeup, too.
What do I mean, probably? I am still wearing makeup.
Are we allowed to know what this character is about?
I play Dan Harmon.
You play you, but like...
Oh, it's just finished shooting with Sarah Silverman as Betsy Ross.
Yesterday was Ron Funches as Edie Amin.
And he's, I mean, well, Sarah's fantastic.
I can sing her praises lots, but Ron's new to our family.
My life, I knew he was adorable and cuddly and giggly,
and we worked with him on a Harmon quest,
but yesterday, playing Edie Amin,
he revealed a depth of dramatic chops that was like stunning.
So I'm really looking forward. I think that episode's going to be great.
He's like a great dramatic actor.
And I'm obviously a terrible comedy writer
if you'll find out he's a great dramatic actor in my comedy show.
Okay, so here's some thoughts that I had.
So I find this hard to believe.
So I have not, in this podcast,
if I talked about the Uber Rape Data leak...
Okay, it seems like I would.
First of all, if you're a company,
just strategically, don't have rape data.
But sometimes, apparently, it's if you're going to...
I was going to...
Yeah, it's a big company.
It's been growing very quickly,
and they have a customer service database,
and there was kind of a, I don't know, semi-whistleblower,
a customer service person who...
They leaked images, screenshots of the Uber customer service database
with examples of things that you would type in and how many results you'd get.
So if you type in the word rape, you get 5,583, something like that.
I think it's as many feet as there are in a mile.
That's my mnemonic device.
Over three years, but Uber released a rebuttal,
which just...
There's no good way to rebut this,
and they did not find the good way.
They said, that is so misleading.
What if the driver or passenger is named Jason Rape?
That's the example that they said.
What they said is some drivers or users might have that word in their last name,
and the two examples they used in this order were like Jason Rape or Don Draper.
They should have started with Don Draper.
You should have started and finished with Don Draper.
Why did you create this Marvel villain?
I don't care if he exists and is driving for Uber to bury that lead.
Don Draper, the guy that thought of Don Draper in the Uber PR war room,
promote that guy and send him home early because you're done with that plank of your debate.
Don't then go, yeah, Jason Rape.
I would have started with Don Draper, then Alexander the Grape.
The other pop flavor.
Well, this is the other thing they say,
not to mention colloquialisms in a complaint,
someone might say, you raped my wallet.
Are you making that up?
That's a real one.
I'm not making that up.
That was Uber's rebuttal.
They're just saying, hey, this is something...
Look, it's not always...
And they said, that's over three years.
Also, by the way, the screenshots go,
I don't think these defenses hold up for the phrase sexual assault,
which was also typed in and had thousands and thousands of...
Anyways, all right.
If you're a company, I mean, hey, I'm no Donald Trump.
I don't have a book on how to run a business.
I'm just saying, don't have rape data.
Just consider that, consider the existence of it at all to be a crisis.
Deal with it very quickly.
Do you think the person that came up with the name Don Draper
from Mad Men thought of like Don D. Raper?
Who knows?
But the other end of that spectrum is like,
as we said at the end of the Cordury episode,
our friend, the Uber driver, Abed, seems to me,
I don't want to speculate too widely or too quickly,
but it just sort of sounds like he's the victim
of some kind of crazy entrapment sting operation,
which must surely start from something,
as much as we want to vilify Uber in the press,
probably because they target the press,
also because of the rape data.
But also on the other side of that, it's like,
well, where are we coming from?
We're coming from this crazy system where
cities are in charge of medallions and all that crap.
But thanks to Spencer, Uber,
I'm sorry, Abed met his goal, like Lickety Split.
I didn't even have time to tweak.
Yeah.
It's just from people who probably watched the live stream
and people who knew about it just that day.
I saw your Facebook post about that,
and I went on to do it, and you had not met the goal
when I was putting information in,
and by the end of it, it was way over.
That's how fast it was coming in, it was really great.
That's a very cool of you, Spencer, to take that on.
I wasn't thinking, no, it's not me, it's, you know.
No, I'm saying like, it absolutely was you.
Who is it, what?
It's the kindness of all the people who donated.
Oh, fuck those people.
No, but he means like, you made it easy for them to do it.
Yeah, I opened a door so kindness can pour through
and bathe Abed in compassion.
Yeah, that's nothing.
I wouldn't have thought to do it.
I didn't think about it.
I was so happy listening to the episode,
because that happened, and then Rob Corddry,
we find out that he is in love with everybody.
He was sad, and it totally wasn't here.
That made me so happy.
Alright, so, is there a way to turn off comments on Instagram,
and if so, would you?
You could delete comments.
I don't want to delete no comments.
That's like reading a book.
Who hurt your feelings, what was it?
No, I just, nobody did.
I'm not a photographer.
I'm not into, I don't paint with light.
I just...
Clearly from that sentence, you paint with words.
Correct.
Yes.
Photographers don't even know they're allowed to say that about themselves.
They're too busy painting with light.
Less are known, but more valid saying about me.
My words are worth a thousand pictures.
But each of them.
So, if I take a picture, it's worth...
What's a thousand times a thousand?
Ten.
No, you just said...
Your picture would be worth it with one word.
Oh, no, divided by a thousand?
I don't know.
We'll be right back.
Goldbond powder.
No, it's absolutely not.
I'm not Kim Kardashian, so I don't...
There's people who I'm sure...
Don't say yourself short again.
She'll post a picture of herself sleeping or waking up,
or be like, I'm waking up,
and then the top comment will just be slut or something.
I don't have that problem.
People aren't trying to hurt me, generally,
and then the ones that are...
You know what? It's the funny people.
I don't...
I don't like...
I'll take a picture of a silly thing,
and I'll go like, this is why this is silly.
And then it's just like...
People pointing out the joke that you told...
Now I'll try that joke,
but I'm not going to quite land it.
I don't know why that makes me angry.
It makes me angry.
You know what?
It's not a popular stance of me.
This is like...
There's some people on my comment section
where it's always the exact same comment every time.
And it's just...
What people don't know is that we have a rare turkey.
Half turkey, half man.
It's the first day of spring,
and it's a new Harmontown tradition,
the spring turkeys here,
to spread his turkey eggs of renewed life.
Isn't it the worst thing to make fun of somebody's laughter?
Everybody should laugh however they want to.
Well, yes, but...
I just want to balance the scales and say,
that person's timing and nature of that laugh,
I'm going to say, was in mockery.
No, they were like,
you guys are idiots.
I felt a little bit of that.
I feel like that person had like half a five hour energy
down their throat and then laughed at the same time.
Yeah, but think about what they would have been laughing at.
It wasn't like you were like,
who's there Santa Claus is underwearing.
There's some people who like the same comment every time,
and they're like...
I think they were like,
what is this, the grandpa show?
Or...
Or the wear turkey is like,
oh shit, that's me, he's talking about me.
Yeah, yeah.
I always type in gobble gobble.
Oh, you know what it might have been?
It's six people who came together,
the person who laughed
is the friend of a friend of a friend.
Who does that?
No, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yes, I'm sorry.
Yes, yes.
But the friend of a friend of a friend,
the person that laughed is like,
I was just complaining about Steve.
Yeah, Steve was just...
Oh my God.
Because the person that shortled the wear turkey
went...
went to Trisha.
Let's add some gender balance to this story.
Trisha's the...
the listot of this group of six
that came here tonight.
And Damien,
the wear turkey,
went up to Trisha and said,
are you really bringing Stephen?
He...
he mono-comments on Instagram.
He's...
he's an Instagram mono-commenter.
He mono-comments on Instagram.
And Stephanie was like,
I think you're judgmental and
I'm not saying anything like that to him
and you need to think about friendship
and no one shares that point of view.
But then the cloud comes away from the moon
and the moon comes out and you're...
That's... you're just... I mean, this is...
I'm... I'm... I thought...
Well, yeah, I mean...
Can any animal be aware... can you be aware anything?
Yeah, yeah, anything, yeah.
Any animal can have lycanthropy.
I want to see a movie about a wear turkey.
Yeah, yeah.
But I want to know, is it always a person that gets bit
by... by something
before you even get into the biting?
Like, is it always a person
that turns into
a sardine? Is it different when a sardine
turns into a person?
Like, like a sardine?
Does the animal kingdom have their own
version of wearer things?
I bet they do.
Because the wearer is the person part
and then the animal part. Sorry, what?
So...
It was a wearer man.
Oh, was that the Native American, like, reservation thing?
No.
Kumail was it? Oh, they did...
The new X-Files has like a wear man?
Or what... wouldn't that be like a...
It was a lizard.
Who turns into a guy?
All right.
Well, you know...
I mean, I'm not pitching stuff up here.
I'm...
I'm asking questions. I wasn't going to run out the door
and make a movie.
No, I mean... You might have, you might have.
Well, if there had been silence, I might have,
so thank you.
Can anybody say,
has there been a wear turkey today?
Yeah, I doubt it.
We own that intellectual property.
Okay, so you guys
spot like this movie, I think,
there's a little movie. But did you guys watch
all the way to the end of the credits?
Yeah.
Well, there's a whole thing after the credits.
It's all done by Wallace and Grumman.
It's...
You know how the guy...
You know that guy that leans on Michael Keaton
in the bar, in that scene,
where Michael Keaton goes, is this how it works?
A guy leans on a guy, and then all of a sudden,
remember that scene, that guy?
And that guy says like, so what are you going to do?
You know, Marty Barron, he does this in Miami,
he does this in Cleveland,
and now he's going to be gone in a couple years.
Where are you going to go?
Something to think about.
And he leaves, remember that scene?
Yeah.
After the credits, if you keep watching
all of Spotlight, all the way through the credits,
there's a bonus scene.
I haven't watched it yet.
And it's that guy again,
he comes up to Michael Keaton
in the bar, and he goes,
well, where are you going to go?
Because, you know,
Michael Keaton goes, Rome.
And the guy's like,
good one.
I wouldn't be surprised.
And Michael Keaton's like,
and he starts walking away.
And then the camera stays on that guy,
and he starts drinking, and then he does a double take.
He's like, whoa.
And then the camera whips over,
and Michael Keaton is walking away,
and what you thought was his napkin.
He places it on his head,
and it's a giant white hat.
He goes to the camera,
and he pulls two cords in his
suit jacket,
which turns into long robes.
And then in a move I can only
describe, I can't imitate.
I don't know if they use CG
to make this possible, but
he does a genuflect
that where the horizontal
part of the cross is him
removing a mask.
So I can't do it quite right,
but it's like,
oh.
So when I do it, it just looks like
I went like this, and then removed a mask.
But I guess Michael Keaton studied with the Vatican.
He unzips it.
This is the unzipping of the part of the mask,
and that's the pulling off of the mask.
Yeah.
Anyways, revealing that Michael Keaton
was the pope the whole movie.
And they're raising a ton more questions
for Spotlight 2.
So just stay until
after the credits.
You know?
You guys, you know,
you should be watching them anyway.
The grip worked hard on that.
That's your little reward
is now you know that
Michael Keaton was the pope in that movie.
Mark Rufalo is like
on Rufalo level 10
in that movie. So he's making his little
Rufalo kissy faces.
Mark Rufalo can't,
the entire movie is
it seems Mark Rufalo comes into him,
sits down and hunches
and puts his head at the Rufalo angle
and then he's like
I guess he's the character there.
No.
Why'd they fuck the children, Marty?
I don't know.
And he makes his little Rufalo kissy lips
and you just want to
I'm on record.
I want to make love to this man.
But he's extra adorable
because he's doing an impression of some
real guy. Who must be like
imagine being that guy?
Like talk about it.
You've got to use that date wisely.
Yeah, let's go see a movie.
Oh, I forgot this movie.
Is this the one? This movie is about me.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's me at Mark Rufalo's playing me.
Oh, yeah, I'm yelling at Michael Keaton
in this game. How many degrees is the
sexiest Mark Rufalo angle?
Like 30 degrees?
Like when you said the...
I don't know. I mean, he's sexy all the time, but
he...
He's got those very pouty lips.
Well, I said
my girlfriend, I tried
to figure out how to describe
what's going on at Mark Rufalo's standing
face when he's not
making little kissies or talking.
And his standing face
in the spotlight is
mommy just finished
giving me medicine.
Like
he just...
like the spoon just left frame
that had like dime a tap on it.
And he's like
he doesn't know if it's good or bad
yet, but...
Subscribe to Harmontowns so you can see this face
on the live stream
because he's doing a very good kissy
face Mark Rufalo.
Boy, that's a lot...
Those priests, huh?
That's a lot of...
That's a lot of fucking...
At the
end of the movie, there's no spoilers.
You know, the spoilers are...
Yeah.
But at the end, you know what? At the end,
when it's like, oh, they're...
in...
Up here?
No.
Shit, I thought there'd be phones ringing.
We sent the phone answers
downstairs.
Downstairs.
Prrrring!
Whoa! The phones were ringing.
Where... where... where Turkey's
girlfriend?
See?
I have the screener sitting on my
dining room table.
That was very rude, ma'am.
Why did I cast you as where Turkey's girlfriend?
That's fucked up.
Why do you have to be She-Hulk? Why can't you have your own franchise?
That's Generation X.
I'm sorry.
You millennial, that was just a new lady.
Do you think where Turkey's girlfriend...
She doesn't even know him.
Do you think where Turkey's girlfriend is aware of something else
like you think that where Turkey is just dating
some regular... regular woman?
Oh, no way. I mean, like, it's got to be
like the Marvel Universe. I'm sure she's got
a tail or...
I don't know. She could probably see through hate
or something.
That would be the worst power
in today's society. I could see through their hate
and they're like, well, that's the problem.
Sure, we're trying to detect the hate.
No, it seems to me like everything's fine.
Are you sure you have a superpower?
Yes.
I think you might just be blind
to crime.
Well, yeah, but...
Yeah, I can see any
crime that doesn't involve hate.
Wait, what was I... I was talking about something important.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, so
what were you thinking at the end of the movie?
Because all the phones were ringing? Because it was like...
And the guy comes up and he goes like...
Or somebody lowers the phone
for a second and the phones are ringing.
They're all victims. All of them.
And I just thought the next
shot would be Michael Keaton going, well,
tell him, thanks, but that ship
kind of sailed. We already did the story.
I...
We...
We get at a priest fuck you. I...
We know. We exposed it.
Now you read it in the paper, you want to tell the world.
The paper told the world,
get your own paper.
But then it says in the next
five years they did
600 more stories. Okay.
Well, I guess that's how
the newspapers work. I don't know.
I guess they just keep doing it.
Do you think the Catholic Church has been chasing by that?
Yeah, well,
I was going to
scoff and say like, oh, yeah, look at them.
But I don't know.
I don't know anything about that shit.
I never...
I was shocked. That was the most...
The shocking thing to me wasn't the
shocking things in that movie.
The shocking thing was
like how Catholic people still are.
Like in the modern world.
You hear that stuff, but it just seems like
a kind of like 50s stickball on the street
and like kind of thing, but
this is a story that takes place in the modern world
and the church is a part of their lives.
And honestly,
I don't know nothing about nothing.
Alright, so
Amazon Package
makes up. I got a dog sitter.
She does very well.
She's there all the time.
That's what makes her a good dog sitter. I'm very busy.
So, you know, and I'm also ordering a lot of
Amazon stuff because I'm in a new relationship
and I...
I'll put a pin in that.
Well, it's kind of...
I mean, that's the thing.
I see an Amazon package and I'm like, oh boy!
Because it might be...
Because it might be like an outfit.
And then I'm like...
I rip it open and I'm like, why are these...
What are these gold Nikes?
And it's like, oh, it's my go... I just opened someone's
Amazon package because of my dog sitter.
So now I got... So the thing is...
She's having her own Amazon stuff sent to your place.
Which makes sense. Good. I'd rather that...
That to me is a sign that she's...
Your dog sitter has gold Nikes?
Ha ha ha!
Fuck it!
You have...
You have made it, bro!
My dog sitter's dog sitter
has gold Nikes.
Dan, if somebody told you
25 years ago when you were
in a shitty apartment in Milwaukee,
that you had a dog sitter to start, that'd be one thing.
You would never consider...
Start with dogs!
And I'm not eating them?
No, they're pets. You let them just hang out.
You buy them food.
What?
But it sounds like I'll be stuck at home
walking these dogs and picking up their poop
all the time. Bro, bro,
wake up to capitalism.
You got someone paid to hang out with
your dogs and you buy her food too!
Yeah, but she's probably just walking around
with some flip-flops, like being all bummed out.
That bitch gets gold Nikes!
Ha ha ha!
Her feet never touch the earth!
She was raised above grounds
in a harness
surrounded by images of well-fed dogs.
Ha ha ha!
And told that was the ordinary world.
And then, periodically,
there would be a dog that needed to be fed
during which she'd get an electric shock.
Ha ha ha!
And then she was dropped to the earth, a door opened,
and it turned out she was in my backyard in a tent.
And now she goes into my home...
Wait, she's a dog walker, but she doesn't even touch the earth?
She's not even walking. She's just a dog...
During the raising of her, she's like, veal,
is my metaphor? Oh!
Coby-coby-beef?
Aren't her muscles so flabby
that she can't even really walk a dog anymore?
That's why you got the gold Nikes, so she floats around.
Don't body-shame her.
Why not just get your...
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
Cha-ching!
People listening...
Harmon's podcast, up 3% on the...
Ha ha ha!
The Shame Watchers report card.
Why not just get your...
If you really make it, get your dogs
some gold Nikes, they walk themselves.
Don't dog-shame me!
It doesn't work as well.
Well, it didn't work the first time, because you made a face
for camera. Ouch! Oh.
People listening are going to think that joke was hilarious,
but the audience didn't dig it until you made a face
after the body-shaming.
Don't comedy-shame me.
Ha ha ha!
Yes.
He's not making a face.
That joke was that funny.
Ha ha ha ha!
All right, politics corner.
Uh oh!
And then we're going to bring out our friends.
So tell them...
Don't forget your pain.
It's always been of open use.
Just for a second.
This was on Harvey Fierstein's Facebook page,
and I found it kind of like uplifting
in an apolitical way.
It's going to sound very political,
very specific.
Real quick, do you follow him, or is this something that...
I saw this, no, I found this third, fourth, fifth hand,
but this was on his Facebook page
is where he shared it.
Because at first I was like, wait, was he on a talk show?
Because goddamn, if he's this like eloquent,
like would he just rap him?
But I mean, he has a playwright,
and he has fire in his name.
He just...
I don't know.
You know what, for three months I haven't been thinking this way.
And I don't know.
It's...
Keep telling people why you're going to share it.
Just share it, you fucking tub of shit.
Watching our people
protest Trump today, I have to say
that I don't understand what we're doing.
I understand that we must always
speak out against intolerance and bigotry
and anyone who would destroy American values
to ensure their own profits, but at this moment
why are we doing the Republicans job for them?
They created Trump.
They earned him, as if their hateful rhetoric
wasn't enough, just in how they treated
our president. They earned Trump
with every racist slight, every
homophobic slander, every manufactured
semi-automatic weapon and oil spill
and fracking disaster and shuttered women's clinic
and attack on affordable healthcare.
The Republican leadership built this Frankenstein monster.
Let the monster they created and nurtured
destroy them.
What do you think they'll do
if we manage to dump Trump?
They'll only turn around and give us the next horror
from their arsenal of selfish intolerance.
Look who they have to offer America.
Next up is Ted Cruz
who's who's scared
Spencer Moore.
And then I saw his face. Yeah, he looks
like a silly putty on a radiator.
Which is not, I mean
you can be ugly
and be president, it's fine.
There was a neurologist
who did a study on why his face
instantly makes you unhappy.
People that when they smile.
And they isolated it to the things coming
out of the mouth region.
As waves of sound.
When he smiles his eyebrows do the opposite
of what happy people's eyebrows do
and his mouth doesn't.
Somebody was asked
one of his old colleagues
said, why do people
instantly hate Ted Cruz?
And his answer was, because it saves time.
That's great.
I like that guy.
Politics will take us into two hours of stuff.
But let's bring out
the end of that.
He has a couple more thoughts
but really they're mostly just about how Ted Cruz
is a piece of shit.
I don't know what it was.
If I try to articulate it, I won't.
I'm not reading that because I'm like
oh my god, what a new revelation about Trump.
It's actually a revelation about him.
The idea that we hate people that incite violence
at their presidential campaign rally
and then so people are going to go out
and cause more violence is like, no.
Let them implode, let them
eat themselves.
I guess I'd be a sliver
over to a different side of that.
I think
it's more like
well,
that party
that lady said on that panel thing
he was listening to this show
and it almost was like
she stumbled into saying something
that you're not even supposed to say.
Someone can tell me, I'll get the name wrong.
It was a panel of Republicans
that were basically talking about the Trump problem.
It's one of the female Republican senators
who has a lot of media quotes these days
but she said like Trump is forcing
the Republican party to
examine its core beliefs
and that's something we definitely don't want to have happen.
Like
they're talking about examination of their core beliefs
like it's the China syndrome.
Which is, I think that is a beautiful thing
because it's like, I don't know
how much scrutiny the Democratic
party would hold up.
I don't know any political gigantic party
that represents, like nothing
that big would hold up to any scrutiny
in terms of core beliefs but my god.
I mean,
there's a lesser of evils or
you know, shit stinks more than piss.
I don't know what to say.
But
it is funny because he's like
this mordred that was born out of this
like weird slime that drips out of the machine
that they've been cranking on
and the machine is really built on dishonesty
because you can't be
a financial elitist
and expect a majority vote.
So you have to do all these weird gears
and Rube Goldberg kind of contraptions
that link financial elitism
to homophobia
which doesn't make any
sense. First of all, gay people
are rich beyond belief.
Whatever. Let's forget it.
Let's just talk to our guest. You can listen to this shit on
other podcasts.
I wanted to share Harvey Firestein's words
because I found them with a strange kind of
a little spoonful of dimetap for the
Mark Ruffalo kissy face.
It felt good going down.
Made my eyebrows wiggle and made my head
decide and made me think and ask questions
about fucking kids.
Are you auditioning for Mad TV
this week? What's going on?
What other celebrity impressions
have you got?
You got to show Jeff Herried Shopper.
Whoa!
It's usually better.
Alright, let's bring out
our next guest
again.
We keep having him back because the audience seems to
like him. Please welcome Rob Schrab.
They like it more than you.
That was a louder cheers.
He brought the vodka.
We didn't even realize that there wasn't any vodka
on stage until Rob came out.
Yeah, I got a full glass.
I heard that the reason that we got rid
of the Spider-Man
bucket
was because it was rusted
and you guys
were drinking that.
We have this
lovely dish right here
full of ice and cup.
A little bit of backstage
trivia.
Do you think you can get tetanus
from ice out of a rusty bucket?
What happens when you drink rest because they make flasks
out of metal? We're going to find out
in about a month.
Rob, do you know what a rusty bucket is?
No, I don't, Jeff.
That's when I poop on your chest.
Why didn't you say 50 bucks
same as downtown?
20 bucks?
20 dollars same as downtown.
All right, all right.
Settle down.
Dan's going to say something.
Here we go.
Here's an observation I came up with
that I think you'll enjoy.
Sometimes I come up with
little thoughts and things
and then I hear myself say it
and I go, bye golly.
That's like something
that should go on like a Dave Berry calendar.
Too long
to tweet, too good to not share.
This is this segment called
Harmon's Gems.
Harmon's Charmons.
Wow.
The ladies liked that one.
Yeah.
Shit.
They really did.
The guys were, nope.
Not all the ladies.
All the people that liked that were ladies.
It would be a logical fallacy
to say the ladies liked that.
Ladies like apostrophes.
Should we talk about how much louder
people cheered for Rob Schrab's entrance
than yours or mine or Spencer's or anybody's?
I told them to.
By saying, I play into it.
He's in my control.
Absolutely.
He drives me here.
He tells me what to think.
Best reason
to go to therapy.
For no other reason.
Achieving mental health
is great.
That's way up there on the list.
But I came up with a new one.
Good reason to go to therapy.
If you pay for therapy...
Sorry, let me start over.
If you're not
paying for therapy,
you can't complain about how
crazy you are.
If you are, you can.
So if I go,
hey Rob, fuck you, piece of shit.
Aw man, that's terrible.
I know, right?
I'm gonna rip off.
You think you got problems, you fucking turd?
I'm getting ripped off of therapy.
I can't believe I just said that to you.
Monster cock
noblin
jizzblasting
fuck nut
You just called him a cock noblin
jizzblasting fuck nut?
Yeah.
Am I in a good one?
Am I blasting jizz
while I'm noblin a cock?
Is that what it is?
What are you spending your money on in the therapy session?
I know, right?
Can you explain to me what a cock nobler does?
Like, give me a day in the life
of a cock nobler.
What's a cock noblest do?
I know what a regular nobler is.
No, I don't.
But for the people who don't,
explain.
Oh yeah, tell me
what just your work a day nobler does.
I'll connect the dots after that.
What's a day in the life of a nobler?
I mean, I know what a jizzblaster does.
Yeah.
I think I got thrown
on the word nobbling.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like the cobblers make shoes,
coopers make barrels,
a nobler makes doors.
Cougars make barrels.
Cooper Smith.
Cooper makes barrels.
Cobblers make shoes,
doopers make barrels.
Noblers make doors.
Okay, so he's a cock nobler.
Yeah.
So he puts a door on your dick?
Fuck him.
Am I right?
Guilty as charged, Shab.
I cut my balls with a scissors today.
What?
I'm sorry, would you
please repeat that?
No, I don't want to talk about it.
No, okay.
So, uh...
Were you trimming your balls?
Yeah, I was doing some pubic maintenance
without my glasses.
Which was not a good idea.
We're getting old, aren't we?
Yeah.
Well, the thing is,
the thing is, is like,
I never had to, you know,
really keep up, you know, with the Joneses.
But as you, you know,
I'm 46 and, you know,
I mean, it's interesting,
like, you know, I mean,
I've been bald since I was 19,
but, you know, everybody,
Jesus Christ!
The were-tricky!
The were-tricky was back!
Holy shit!
There's a were-tricky out there.
Oh, my God!
Okay, so...
Yes, it was really tragic.
It was hard.
It was sad.
Really, really painful to go through.
So you won't walk us through
this tragedy here?
Well, I made an agreement with Kate,
my lovely wife, that I would, you know,
keep up, you know,
appearances and...
You know, I was...
When did you make that agreement?
You left that part out.
Well, I...
I don't know, just recently,
everything just kind of went into overdrive.
Wait, wait,
wait, recently,
like, I have this to look forward to next year?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, well, you know, back.
How does pubic hair go into overdrive?
It just gets...
It's already more.
He's a cock nobler that does a door.
This is terrifying.
When that door opens, more pubes come out.
Everything, just your arms, your shoulders,
your back. Yeah, I got the check, check, check.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, you probably have as much as I
do right now, so you don't have to worry.
I think there's only one way to find out.
All right.
Things started going
into overdrive so much
that there was a family meeting
about it. Well, yeah,
Kate said, can you do me a favor?
If I'm getting a wax,
can you, you know, take care of...
Previous, but I want to be clear on this,
and let me know when I'm invading your privacy.
Oh, yeah, please.
Thank you, Dan. I appreciate that.
But, like, this specifically, this wasn't
a matter of, we've been married this
long and together this long, and
I'd like to now make this
new request just based on, like,
like, all time, you know,
why not? Let's make a change.
This was really specifically, like,
there's a new problem
and here's a new solution.
I don't know if it was a...
You know what I'm asking, like, I want to know
about the timeline of, like, I want to know
what the plot point of this monster house is,
like, like, what...
When did the kids run
across
Never Crackers Long?
I was saying, like, God damn it,
it was she, like, okay, she's your wife
and then you finish making love
and then she was like, ah, that was great
and you're like, thanks, man!
I was in a little box
and she was like, well,
I'd love to hang out and chat
about your fucking day, but I got to go
go get some stuff
and also
I get it, Lego 2 is hard.
I'm going to go,
oh, by the way, you know,
one of the places I'm stopping by
is Brazilian Wax.
Here's the card.
You might want to think about it
and then, like, and you're like, wait,
is this something that you've always
wanted?
And she said, no, this is something
that needs to be done as of three weeks ago.
No, I don't...
It wasn't something that was, like,
retroactive.
She didn't, like, say, like,
yeah, I've been waiting
12 years to tell you this.
I think she just said,
you know,
it wasn't like an immediate thing.
It wasn't an embarrassed thing.
Maybe because
you have been more neglectful of that
or because your body has gone into
overdrive and you're producing more
shrubbery down there.
Maybe a bit of both.
Oh, well, if there's been previous,
am I a bad person?
I've never done anything.
Yeah, yeah, you're a bad person.
I'm a bad person.
No,
no, you're a saint.
You're a saint
You don't trim your pubes.
That's how that math works.
Spencer's balls are so
glossy you can see yourself in them.
His nuts
are like the top of the Chrysler building.
I shaved
my balls once when I was, like, 32.
Oh, that's painful.
No, it was all right.
Oh, maybe I'm bad at it.
It was, like, a week later,
that's when it sucked.
It starts growing in.
So, Spencer, I mean,
you have, like, a giant, long head of hair.
I have a ponytail on my balls, yeah.
But
is it braided?
No, it's too coarse.
Oh, don't
sell your pubes short.
I texted my girlfriend,
do you want me to trim my pubic hair?
Don't just do it, just do it.
I was just asking because I just found out
that Spencer does.
And he only fucks invertebrates.
Wait, what?
Yeah, yeah.
Slugs, those are invertebrates, right?
Mollux.
Mollux. You fuck a gastropod once in a while?
Yeah.
A nautilus. You fucking nautilus?
Yeah, well, my dick goes like a corkscrew.
Oh, perfect.
Yeah.
Well, no, that was them.
That was, like, a roller coaster.
They were riding down his dick in their minds.
Whoa!
The Spencer dick.
Wow.
300 miles per hour break,
corkscrew speeds.
Oh, death defying spirals
and loop-de-loops.
You won't believe the vast efference of the
abadudumus.
What the fuck?
No response?
In response to your wife's
suggestion, did you get to work?
Oh, yeah.
I cut my balls with the scissors.
Okay.
I got too much to work.
I forgot.
I forgot with the lead-off of that story.
So you stabbed yourself with scissors?
No, it wasn't a stabbing.
You got too close?
I was like, you know, you go,
and then you get a little bit.
Shit, I gotta get going.
I mean,
you stop
enough until,
I mean, like, but...
Yeah, it's just like a pinch.
It's a pinch, but there was blood in it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, there's blood.
There will be blood.
Yeah.
And then you do a stupid thing,
well, I won't do that again.
Ah, fuck me.
And then I just put the scissors down.
I have a team of young Korean boys
that come over while I'm sleeping.
I would love their email address.
It's expensive,
but it's worth it.
Is this why my wife left me?
No, it's because
she went away for eight weeks
and you didn't wash your butthole.
Ah, I remember.
Yeah,
you're not gonna wash your butthole,
but you're,
I better shave my pews.
I do wash my butthole.
When's the last time?
Be honest.
When was the last time? Be honest.
Sunday.
That's today.
A week ago?
I thought today was Tuesday when I said that, so do the math.
It's Harmontown.
I know.
How many times do you do it here on a Tuesday?
Friday.
Friday I wash my butthole.
Thoroughly.
That's all it takes.
You didn't shit for two days probably, right?
I see where you're going with this.
I'm telling you, you can wash,
you can bleach,
you can just get it as clean
as possible.
You can really get in there.
It's really antibacterial,
but if you shit right afterwards,
it's gonna be dirty still.
It's not gonna be clean.
Don't inject her mate.
I am your in-doctor mate.
Don't inject her to my office.
Howard Hughes,
fucking shit that ended with you scalding your
asshole with hot water.
I am the other side of
the prism here.
I didn't.
You can go too far obviously.
On Friday,
I took a shower
and yes, Saturday and Sunday,
but seven in the morning call times till
seven.
Oh my god.
This time,
I'm the villain.
You're actually too busy
to wash your own ass.
Has she replied?
My girlfriend's response was,
why don't we should bring Andrew Weinberg out here?
Is there a guest?
Read the text!
Let's get her responses.
Oh, cause you guys won't have any responses to this.
Andrew will be back there for
this first.
This is a co-creator
of Eagle Heart, one of my favorite shows,
Adult Swim.
It's on Adult Swim.
Sorry.
He's also
the
beating heart. He's the Chris McKenna
of this history channel
thing I'm doing, The Great Minds.
Andrew Weinberg.
Hello, Andrew.
Hello.
I just wanted to get you out here before
Andrew, you've come at a rather
propitious time. Right, right, right.
I don't know if you've been listening to us.
I've heard of maintenance.
Yes, but
damned dodging right now. Come on, read.
Her response was,
Spencer, I love it.
Does Steve Levy?
Steve Levy, get out here and answer that question.
The show is for the ladies.
We might need to spin off podcasts
for about this.
Mount
Hushmore.
Secrets from men.
What's she asking?
Well, let me finish her catch.
She asked me the most inappropriate questions.
Whoa, that's good.
But you love it. I mean, she coaches you.
What are you doing later?
Ha!
She said, ha! Not like that.
Spencer, I'm assuming she's okay with me
reading this. Ha!
I love it. Does Steve Levy?
Jeff for sure does.
I think that's an educated guess,
not research.
Mine's like a Zen garden.
It's like, there's waves.
Nah!
You don't need to, for me,
bean.
It's never been an issue.
I mean, I would be fine either way.
That means I'm supposed to.
That's why you don't ask.
We have an answer.
All right. I laser my...
Every six weeks, I don't fuck around, son.
She's saying, laser, you're fucking...
She's saying, I'm carrying my weight.
I just said, you know what?
I got caught tonight.
I thought this was like a new thing,
and if you were off the market, then you didn't...
You know, I'm like Archie Bunker.
I don't like Bill Maher
with that much.
Do you, Steve?
Steve?
Actually, my answer is sort of unfortunate.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, I have to.
I have to shave completely.
Or what?
Because I have an autoimmune skin disorder,
and it's really
fucking bad down there.
So in order to apply the fucking
medication,
you gotta be smooth.
You gotta be smooth.
What are the bravest things that's ever been said
on this stage?
You said it's really fucking bad
down there.
It sucks.
That's why I take those fucking...
those pills that knock me out every week.
I thought I was giving
those to you.
Yeah, yeah.
So I think we have the full...
the full rainbow up here.
Well, we haven't heard from Weinberg.
By the way, you don't have to participate.
Yes, you do.
I'm honestly not sure
precisely which area we're talking about.
The balls.
Oh, you mean the area down there?
Yeah.
Well, I can't answer that because I haven't gone down there...
Do you do some little
pubic, you know, gardening?
No, I don't.
You don't trim, not at all?
No.
I guess...
I guess the answer to either
would have been no, but I didn't know
if you meant, like, butthole maintenance.
Oh.
Because that was, at one point,
someone was talking about that.
Definitely him.
Rob, Rob, I don't want to
put words in his mouth, but Rob...
Rob, I think it was in his
thirties,
started realizing
that...
You know where this is going.
I have no idea.
You started realizing that you're, as you put it,
you had an awakening...
Oh, okay, yeah, now where you're going.
Yeah.
I think it was a little, it had to be
earlier than 30.
It had to be earlier than 30.
I just remember at a certain point you started becoming obsessed with how dirty your asshole was.
Yes.
No, no, no, that was before we loved Milwaukee,
so it was like 26.
24, 26, yeah.
It was crazy that people accept
that much shit in them
and on them.
If you got feces on your arm
and just took a piece of paper and were like,
fine, I'm going about
my day now.
Yeah, yeah.
Wiping your ass is a private thing.
You don't see it,
in detail,
in movies, or they don't show you a cartoon
on Saturday
morning or anything,
your parents just don't want to deal with it
and it's just yours to find out.
And if, you know,
thank God I was in the improv comedy
scene back in
the 90s because
I never would have found out.
I never would have found out
if I wouldn't have been constantly
showing my balls and ass
and dick to my friends.
I would have never have known
that
you're supposed to clean it and it made so much
sense.
Made so much sense, there was a click
that happened in my brain
that happened and now
beautiful.
It's so...
It's so good.
It's like...
Surgeons,
surgeons call up
I wouldn't call myself a foodie, but
it's...
It's like the same thing.
I'm a foodie.
Yeah.
Very important to me.
At what point
Rob became Icarus and flew too close to the sun?
Yeah, for sure with his
butthole stuff because he scalded his
anus.
A quest for cleanliness that turns
really into more
a higher level
of
what do you call it?
Scepticity? Is that a word?
Well no, it's just like
if grossness is your concern
nothing's grosser than breaching
the...
Because the thing is
our alimentary canal technically is outside
our body.
That shape the torus, it's like a donut.
That's like
how multicellular organisms formed and that's
why then they turned into worms. I know I've been through this
on this podcast before, but it's like
the reason why worms,
that's the earliest kind of multicellular
thing and it's like what's happening
is it's like a donut that's extruded
that's still outside the body
stuff that goes in our mouth and eventually
comes out our butt. All it is is
rubbing up against the outside
of a collective of cells.
The way that cells eat, they rub up against a thing
and so when you eat a donut, the donut
you're just sending it into the part of
your body that you rub up against the outside
world. So that's why
it's really dangerous when you...
I was just imagining myself in a highway
stop for the last
30 seconds.
You're like a guy walking by and listening to
my podcast. Or Mike, just while
you were going in that, I was like, I'm, he lost
me. I'm gonna fall over.
But I say, like
that's why it's really dangerous like septic shock
and stuff. It's like when there's are perforated
you know, Crohn's disease, anything that involves
that barrier between
what's going on in that canal and what's going
on inside your body where there's blood. If you get
poop in your blood, so I'm saying
this guy brinches butt so much
you know, that's, that's, that's grosser than having
poop in your butt. I don't want to talk about it anymore.
Like
Oh, Bean. What, what do
we, we've got a lot of
dudes up here. You know, what, what do the
women think? Let's
by applause a little bit of
trimming. What do you think? Anybody
buy a little bit of trimming? Are you
asking the women here if
guys should do that? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You appreciate some trimming. Yeah.
How about the whole thing?
You know, like a 12-year-old
huh? Something
like that. I was saying earlier, like
I don't really like Bill Maher that much, but there was one thing
that I'm sure one of his funnier writers wrote
like, like, about
about finding
shots fired. Finding a final
Bill Maher's a cut.
Shots landed.
War over.
No, I, I
I just like him, but
that was
clarification.
Yeah.
Dan, you're a cut, but I love you.
He said, like,
like new rules or whatever, like, like
we find a fine line between completely
like shaving and not
at all. Like, there has to be some sort of
sweet spot between, like, prepubescent
and Dr. Livingston, I presume.
Which is a reference for people that are
old.
Yeah, I, okay, well
what do I, what do I do?
Do I take a scissors?
Yeah, you just take a scissors. You pull the ball
hair and then you cut it.
Why do you have to pull it?
Because it separates it from the scrotum. You don't
want to get up in there. Yeah.
You make curls and stuff. It's not going to lie flat.
Dan, don't fall the way of
the Schrab. Put your glasses
on before you go.
I'm your future, man. You don't want to do that.
That, that, that is a,
that's a, that, you don't want to
do that. Don't do it.
No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm
woke now. I, I, I, because I
realized, you know, I used
that, like, like, like, you know, I don't know.
I guess I was, I was not thinking about
it. I wasn't really thinking about it objectively.
No, no, no. And I am the beneficiary
of, of, of people thinking about that stuff
for themselves. Do you have opinions about
how much a woman's public
care should be? Like, do you like less women?
Well, it's one of those things. See, that's the thing. That's like, this is
where, you know, like, like, that's
this, like, like, male, this is a
patriarchy in action. Like, we don't have to think about it.
Like, that's, that's part
of the crime. Like, don't, don't, don't
get me started. You know,
that's, I've drawn my own up to that. Like, you don't
have to, like, the society in which a guy
would have to, like,
would request it. That's like,
that's, that's the, you know,
oh, that would be, yeah, that would be
closer to equality than kind of like, like,
like, I've never had to ask. I would say
if, if I were your girlfriend, I would say
start washing your butt more, then we'll get to the pubes.
I wash it, I wash it. I've never,
I've never, I've never been intimate
with, with a, with a,
with a companion
without, without fully
cleaning my areas,
except in, in occasions
of, of, you know,
rapturous,
silliness, uh, perhaps, uh,
you know, just, just wash your butt.
Yeah, man. Wash your butt.
I fucking do, bros. Wash your butt.
You didn't do it, you didn't do it since Friday.
Get, get, dude,
I've been busy. Get a, get a bidet, man.
7 a.m. get a boss.
We're gonna get you a bidet. I got one.
I got one, I fucking love it.
A separate, an actual separate.
No, no, no, I got like, the most
total, total. One of the Jopin toilets.
Brundle swash, you know, you just
hook it up and then you just press the button
and everything. Swashes your brundle.
It's like, yeah.
It's like. Oh, you're money back.
It's like, how George
Jetson takes a shit.
It's like, you press
the button. I'm gonna get one that has a fan
and it'll dry it off.
I'm gonna save paper.
I saw, I, I was in a, a, Joe
McHale, I had a hotel room in Las Vegas once
and I tried it and. How did you
find this out? What do you mean?
What?
He was doing
is that a. He's shoving it.
Yeah.
And I tried, I tried the bidet.
It burnt my, burnt my butt.
How hot was it? Did you set it at?
I don't know. I didn't know you could set it
at a temperature. It's like, this is a whole
different. Well, you could get one that you could set the temperature.
Mine has three settings.
It's
speaking to George
Jetson, she, she get a little
she get, she got that
she get something for your pews where
you're, you get a good one. Different hairstyles
and all that. No I know. I'm getting,
we're getting, we're getting, we're getting distant
from the three settings. I want to
I'm like, what are they, it's not gonna be
through the three settings there. Warm,
hot, and mevita
loka.
You know?
It's like ordering Thai food, you know?
You know, it's like, you know, it's like, mild, spicy.
Yes.
Thank you for writing the scripts
and climbing aboard, Great Minds.
I'm so busy and I don't know if anybody out there
has been watching it.
Thank you, we just...
And thank you for being here
on a very special All Poop episode of Heart and Heart.
Or no poop, no poop, poop, poop so bad.
Yeah, it's poop.
It's poop.
Yeah, it's trying to get out of your body.
Because it's healthy.
If you'd been listening to my biological explanation,
you'd understand that it's a donut that's been turned
into poop by you rubbing against it like a cat.
No, I wasn't listening.
I wasn't.
We are poop, by the way.
We're the poop of stars.
You're...
Don't subvert Carl Sagan's beautiful sentiments
to your own weird poopy agenda.
I will, sir.
When I please.
Yeah, the donut shape, the toros.
Yeah.
Oh, is that what you...
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, you're getting me back on track.
Yes.
Here's the thing, Weinberg.
Thank you for creating Eagle Heart.
I love it very much.
No, no, you can't do that now.
Is it gone now?
Oh, yeah, long gone.
You had your chance.
I was willing to take a significant financial hit
to prove a point to you for not watching.
I bothered because I was like,
okay, well, I don't know that much about you
except that you're a lifesaver on that show
because it needed somebody to be there to...
I heard, yes.
To what's that?
Someone to be there.
Yes, be there, period.
Yes.
But I was like, I'm gonna Wikipedia him.
I don't wanna accidentally trigger him or anything.
Like maybe he's a Quaker or...
I don't know.
So, would you believe I'm not a Quaker?
But I'm actually Jewish.
You ever looked at your Wikipedia?
Weinberg sounds like a Quaker name.
Yeah, I don't know who made, who makes?
I honestly did not make it.
So, I'm honestly asking who makes.
No, no, I don't think anybody would suspect you
of making your own these days.
But you worked on Conan at both places.
You crossed the Conan threshold with him to L.A.,
did Eagle Heart, and then this is this section
of your Wikipedia.
There's a heading I've never even seen
that just says, Association.
And I'm like, Association?
What is that?
What is it gonna say?
Like, oh, he's been seen with Tommy Hilfiger
in the post Nazi era of Germany.
It says, Weinberg joined the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity
at Cornell University, and through that organization,
the Irving Literary Society.
What does that mean?
It's also ominous.
Well, I don't know what the Irving Literary Society is,
but probably someone from my...
Apparently Wikipedia experts.
Well then, but that makes me think
someone from the fraternity made this.
But you went to Cornell?
Yes.
That's where Carl Sagan went.
Yes, and Steve's dead.
No, shit.
That's true.
And we had the same major.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Which was what?
Industrial and labor relations.
I L.R. school.
Yeah.
Which is dead, like...
What were his pubes like?
My therapist told me in my last session
that she's worried about Steve Levy.
She should be.
She's never spoken to him.
I've never had a conversation with him.
She based it on a voicemail, or a succession of voicemails.
I only left one.
He sounds tired.
Are you working?
Are you guys busy?
Yeah, I guess.
I think she made me think that I'm killing Steve.
That's not important.
But I...
It's pretty important.
Steve?
It's very important.
Yeah.
Is Dan killing him?
No.
I mean, we're just working real hard.
That's how you die.
It's all based on what you tell her.
He's not also giving his side of the story.
No, but she was seriously just going like,
Oh, boy, he sounds like he's worn down.
That's what...
I mean, it wasn't like about...
I was like, I don't go in there and tell stories about how hard it is to make Steve
leave me miserable.
So I need therapy.
You don't make me miserable.
We were...
Please don't kill me.
We're working seven days a week.
Seven days.
It'll be over soon, buddy.
I promise you.
No, it won't be over, Steve.
It'll be months.
This is the rest of your life.
Yeah, it's good.
I'm going to be working for him soon.
I'm trying to move.
He's saying that's what...
It's not just me.
Spencer, too.
It's working real hard.
Yeah, we're working real hard.
It's working so hard.
It's working.
Team Harmon.
All right.
Steve, as an example of your sacrifice, because I do feel it's such a sausage party up here,
and obviously what we need to talk about is the pubic hair and the buttholes and the
balls.
We have to.
We need a woman up here or someone that presents us such...
Cha-ching.
And there's only so many chairs and microphones.
I get it.
So could you go and pull the car around and give it just a light buff, like not a waxing.
You don't have to get waxed.
It's 9-11.
And then warm it up like five minutes before I come out.
You know I would if you had a car.
It's 9-11.
All right.
Steve Levy, everybody.
Steve Levy.
What's that?
Steve, our thoughts and prayers go to your weird pubic situation.
His GoFundMe is GoFundMe at Steve's pubes.
Right?
Yes.
He left it very cryptic, a lot to wonder about.
Yeah.
Well, that's part of his allure.
Do you think I'm a good person, Andrew?
No.
Oh, you were talking to him.
I'm trying to get fresh eyes on something that you guys already have in mind.
Right, right, right.
Yeah, we do.
You've been working with me for a couple episodes.
Yeah.
Two-pan thing.
I just feel like if I say yes, you're going to say see.
I've been kind of mean to you a couple of times.
No.
Well, yeah, but...
Get used to it.
It gets worse.
The closer you get, it gets worse the closer you are to him.
The more you reach out, the more he'll hit you and difficulty you down.
It gets worse.
Get worse.
Have an exit plan.
Have enough in the bank that you can leave and walk out at any time.
Just have an exit plan. It gets worse. It gets worse.
It gets worse! Worse!
It gets worse!
Not only do I need, I demand somebody put that to a beat and some music.
I want that to be my ringtone, my alarm clock, everywhere.
Well, I don't know that it could be put to a beat.
That's why you need me. I always provided the rhythm.
He was the lyrics and I was the beat.
You are the sun, I am the moon.
What were you going to say? Here's the thing, to get specific.
I'm acting in this show. There has to be a script when I show up.
Sometimes there's jokes. If I don't know how to do the thing,
I'll do this thing where I caught myself and realized what I was doing.
I don't know how to deliver this line because I'm not really an actor.
I get nervous and go, I don't know how to do this.
I'm doing this wrong and I can't remember it.
Then I go, it must be poorly written, the line.
That's when I'm questioning the line.
Can we beat this?
I've experienced worse.
He worked at Conan.
I'm not talking about Conan himself.
He seems really nice.
He's like a nice guy to work for.
You've experienced worries in terms of writer on writer cruelty.
Or like cruel overlord.
That's not what I'm saying you are.
When I started knowing what I thought I knew about you,
at some point he's going to explode at me over something.
It never happened week after week.
One or two little things.
I wish this thing exploded.
It makes me sound like...
But not based on who you actually are.
No, I'm talking about the legend of me.
I'm fine with it circulating that I'm always hard to work for.
It's that one thing.
That sounds like such a pretentious thing where you're throwing a water bottle
and you're screaming about something.
I don't really do...
But I do something probably worse.
I start manic obsessing and then I'm saying rude things.
It's like because you have a...
I'm sorry about him by the way.
It's like everybody goes like bring Rob back.
Kids love Rob and it's like it hurts but I bring him back for them.
And then he's doing worse things than I'm accused of doing.
I feel like Andrew is giving you the same response that you got about should you shave your pubes.
He's being very diplomatic like Cody was.
He's saying like I'd be fine if you trimmed your personality.
You don't have to because I'm a professional.
I don't fuck around.
I laser my...
I have been with people with more pubes than you but that person was a gorilla.
Anyway is that what you...
Yeah so it was like kind of I was dropped into it and I was like okay now like edit this into something Dan's going to love and go.
And then he's going to come in and have zero involvement for like five days and on the sixth day come in and judge it.
But then I stay until it's perfect.
Yeah and it's been fine.
I'm sorry to disappoint your bloodthirsty audience.
No, no.
It's been fine.
It's been okay.
It's fine.
No that aspect has been fine.
Fine.
Overall it has been great.
The enjoyment was fine.
That's what I'm saying.
Went to see a movie and walked out.
It was fine.
Hey how was that sex you had last night?
Did you enjoy it?
It was fine.
I was not...
Clearly I was not talking about the overall experience.
No I was.
Andrew.
Andrew you said quite enough.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
I just want...
Here's the thing.
He's currently texting how to fire Andrew.
I was at least pushed into wherever I ended up right?
No I love you for being as honest as you are.
My right foot fell asleep.
Oh jeez.
You gotta shave that.
Gotta shave those pews bro.
Come on.
Come on Bilbo.
Shave that foot.
You gotta shave that foot man.
Foot's got too much hair.
Choking that foot off.
Is there...
I feel like...
I just want to get anybody from the other side
because we are talking about a gender thing.
Just want to get a lady type person up here.
What woman wouldn't want to come up
and share in the rich conversation
of butthole culliness and pubes.
It'll just be a check-in
just because I don't want to feel...
I don't want to commit the crime of underrepresented...
Anybody want to come up and be representative?
We have a hand there.
A point of view that you're willing to share
about the specific thing.
Welcome to the Thunderdome.
Come on up.
There you go.
Hello.
What's your name young?
It's Kelly.
Kelly.
All right thank you.
Thank you for your bravery.
We will not betray you or hurt you.
What if you really pushed the limits on that?
What if you were...
He said something and everyone was like,
ah fuck.
He's a terrible person.
So you're willing to share your thoughts
about the...
You need to shave.
Okay.
I mean, shave but as opposed to trim with the scissors.
I would get a trimmer.
How big is your scissors?
How big are your scissors?
How big?
I was talking to him.
He was doing this.
Kelly, when you say shave,
do you mean like get it like all gone?
No.
Yeah, but like just maintain.
Maintain.
Maintain the borders.
Trim.
Maintain borders.
No.
I mean give me a...
Repel borders lads.
From outside eyes then so looking at the mail
like when the pants are coming off
to give me some guidelines about...
You know like I saw a queer eye for the straight guy once
and they said the sideburns,
like they had some rules about like where your ears are
and your sideburns should be.
Do you have any rules about...
If I'm going to go down...
Your pubes are by your ears, man.
If I'm going to...
How do I know when I'm finished?
Like what's my goal?
Because I obsess about stuff.
Well, I would get your girlfriend involved
and do a little trimming and then go...
What do you think about this?
And then she could go a little off the top.
Because it's really more for her comfort.
Right.
Okay.
So she'll be the judge of that.
Yeah.
Well, but now...
Guys typically...
Why do you have to guess?
Can't you just ask her?
No, of course I can.
You guys are presidents of the High Road Club,
but now getting back,
since we have you up here,
would you be willing to,
I don't want to pry into you,
but you knew why you're coming up.
Can you tell us about your personal taste?
So just as a yard...
Sure.
Why'd you think you were coming up here?
No.
I prefer it to be...
The shaft needs to be clear and free.
Clear and...
Okay.
That's what got me into trouble.
That, because I can see that.
Sorry, Kelly,
I thought I'd slow you down
because it's like...
Every word is worth a thousand pictures here.
The shaft needs to be free and clear.
I could interpret that as a lot of different images.
She's saying,
get the hair off the shaft of your dick.
Okay, even that though,
off of it meaning,
at the base of it,
I don't have hair on the shaft of my dick.
Are we talking about...
Well, then you're halfway home.
You're halfway home.
That's fine.
When you look at my dick,
if I'm laying down and you look down at me naked
from a helicopter,
is there just a circle of baldness around the...
And then there's like a fryer,
like a fryer's haircut kind of thing going in a circle around.
Like there's like a blast radius of...
The shaft needs to be free and clear.
Do you mean at the base
or do you mean like the encroaching kind of like on the...
There shouldn't be hair on it, right?
There should be no hair on it.
Yeah.
And where her lips might touch,
keep that clear.
Yeah, you don't want to get the hair in your teeth.
It's gross.
I don't want somebody who is different from me freaking out,
but I didn't think these are places where there could be hair.
Like it's touching and that affecting her.
Do you have like a big 70s natural like bush down there?
Do you have like a big old satch?
I don't know.
I mean, it sounds like this mail
or I get every year from the fire department
about brush clearance.
But Kelly's gotten specific about tooth areas now.
She's just getting started.
She's working her way down.
Well, I just want to take it slow.
She's talking about that.
She's saying clear the shaft,
get any hairs off the shaft, right?
Yes.
Then...
How could there be hairs on the shaft?
Sometimes hairs on the shaft just accept it.
Jesus Christ.
I know what you're talking about.
You probably have hairs on the base of the shaft of your dick.
I'll take a look.
You might not.
Give it a look, see.
Everyone's different, Dan.
That might not be an issue for you.
You might have a clear and free shaft already.
Right.
Well, what if this is an ugly duckling story?
What if I have a beautiful, perfect...
What if it turns out all you guys have, like,
afros on the tip of your dicks?
You gotta get that shit off of there.
I don't have that.
I have alopecia on my penis.
Like, there's no...
You guys are like,
no, my dick looks like a 70s sportscaster.
It's got a headset on the tip and like a toupee.
I'm like, oh, well, see,
no wonder you guys thought I was weird for not doing anything.
So, Kelly, let's keep moving along.
So, shaft brain clear, then next stage, what?
Again, her preference,
because if she's doing stuff with your balls,
I would keep it trimmed down.
Keep it classy.
Have you named this imaginary third party
what she would like?
She's saying that...
Eve.
The customer is always right.
Exactly.
That goes without saying, and that's why...
I'm trying to actually liberate,
because I don't want her to have to be an ambassador of anything.
I wanted to have representation up here,
but she shouldn't...
You know, what if she...
Then somebody's going to tweet at her,
like, you got it, right?
She's an individual.
I just wanted to hear what her preferences are,
so we could just...
Because I know I'm going to go talk to my girlfriend,
and I'll work it out with her,
but I'm just curious what we have you up here.
What the terminology...
How would...
What...
Just mow the lawn, man.
If you had a lawn and you lived in a nice neighborhood,
you would be like,
oh, shit, the grass is getting a little long.
I'm going to...
I feel like you guys are mad at me
for not knowing how to trim my dick hair.
It's just a simple concept, is all.
It's a simple concept.
Yes.
You make the hair shorter than it is.
I love you, Spencer.
With your glasses on.
Preferably with glasses on.
Yes.
Probably with a magnifying mirror, too.
Yeah, it's helpful.
Be safe.
Kelly, do you get the full nine,
like the Brazilian, the whole waxy,
the whole front-to-back wax thing?
No.
Have you ever tried it?
Me?
That would be amazing.
I was just like, I don't do shit.
Are you kidding me?
Yes.
They would carry you out on their shoulders.
They'd be like, wow, I don't agree with her,
but that was amazing.
Kelly looks like Leo Sayer down there.
Oh, boy, no one got that reference.
Google Leo Sayer,
and you'll be very happy about it.
Do women, to what extent is outside help fundamental
to this whole thing?
And to what extent?
Do it yourself.
Would you guys stop pissing and whining at me?
It's such a ridiculous thing
when someone is putting themselves down this low.
I know.
You're saying, should you ask for outside assistance,
or should you do it yourself?
No, I'm asking a question about a curiosity
to the women's side of the fence,
because I've heard the things about like,
oh, I'm going to get lasered,
I'm going to do these things,
and I'm curious about the amount of maintenance
that we currently consider to be fundamental,
like or default, whatever you would call it,
like kind of like a cultural average or whatever.
How much of that involves third parties
for women and how much for men?
Because when you're thinking about your maintenance,
it's never occurred to you to pay someone to do it.
You're thinking about things you do yourself.
Right, well, yeah.
But it's very possible that a woman
goes somewhere and pays someone to do that for her.
You're seeing what I'm seeing.
I think so.
Don't you think that's an interesting thing?
There's no indication of that from the audience.
Well, maybe they're leaning in.
They're like, wait a minute.
I don't know.
And who knows that that might be like,
oh, yeah, because that's how we like it.
And we were in control.
But it's also like, do men go to places
and get it done like a lot?
Yeah, you can.
Don't use Nair.
Yes, that is true.
That's not for down there.
Do you have a bad experience with Nair?
I did.
What happened?
It burned like a mother mother.
Because Nair is like acid that goes down into your follicles
and burns out the root, right?
And for some reason, your penis is more sensitive to acid
than your shoulders.
Where are you supposed to use Nair?
I've talked to women, some of them I've dated
and some of them I've just friends that we've talked about this before.
And they're feeling as like guys sometimes demand
that they want the woman to be Brazilian waxed
like all the way across the board.
And I think it's fair for the woman to say,
then you fucking do it too.
Like you go in there and have somebody put some hot ass wax on your balls
and some stranger rip it off you.
And there's a chick that she goes to a place,
I said, do guys go in and do it?
She said, yeah, but it has to be a referral.
Because you can't just go in like, hey, I want you to do it.
I'm just a regular person coming in here,
paying customer.
I think there's guys that love to go in there
and it's like a cheap diamond atrix basically.
And to them that's important, like the intent?
No, no, no, there's a million ways to be turned on by weird things.
They don't want...
No, no, the woman that run these...
Oh, because he'd have an erection and he'd be an assault.
We do this because we're doing a service.
You're just here to use this as a sex operation.
You could have that rule about anything.
It's like a gas station.
If you're one of these people that gets hard on when you pump gas,
take it down the fucking road.
We'd like you to refill your car here.
But you don't make the guy at the 76 station look at your dick.
No, I'm agreeing with you and saying,
yeah, that's an understandable rule at all businesses,
especially places that do go near your wiener.
Okay, well, Kelly, do you have any books to plug or anything?
No, I'm just...
This is actually the first day of our honeymoon.
Oh.
What's your husband's name?
Trey.
Trey?
What are his pubes like?
Short.
Short?
Do you assist or is he taking care of business on his own?
He does it himself.
At a boy.
Are you guys...
Is it a delayed honeymoon or do you guys really just get married?
No, it's a delayed honeymoon.
When did you get married?
Three years ago.
But this is a sad reality.
I went to work the day after I was married.
We did.
It was like, yeah, well, honeymoon and Christmas,
and you guys had to wait three years.
We're going to Japan, so we had to save up.
So fuck you.
You guys came to LA as a waypoint, as a layover?
Yep, we got here at 5.30, and this was our first stop.
Did you plan that?
Layover and then fly out here?
Yeah.
Wow, that's kudos to...
I couldn't manage that kind of schedule.
That's it.
Oh yeah, we'll schedule and then we'll pop over to the show.
That's crazy.
That's the kind of crazy that makes someone's nether regions totally sculpted and consumable
by the public.
I'm just a savage, feral, shambling mound of...
Consumable?
I mean...
I know you meant visually, even.
Yeah, no, I mean, like, you consume a season of House of Cards, like, you don't eat it.
It's probably an unfortunate way to refer to it.
I can't really win tonight.
Except in one sense, which is that I was willing to occupy that position and in such...
In such...
Shut up, you drunk fat idiot.
Well, Kelly, thank you so much for being brave enough to share your private life with us
and congratulations to your husband.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I gotta go.
Oh, he's gotta go.
Rob's...
Well, you gotta go, Rob.
I'm gonna go see Kate's show at the Pac Theater.
Oh, nice.
Let's all go.
All right.
I bet they would.
I bet they'd follow you.
You've taken over my show.
I'm not taking over.
I wonder how many people would go if Rob just, like, tried to pipe pipe or some of this crowd.
I can't do a pipe-piper with noise.
But, uh, but, hey man...
Thank you, Rob Schrab.
Rob Schrab, everybody.
All the friendship be forgot the guest that we all love
In the arms of Schrab
It gets worse, it gets worse, it gets worse
Well, Internet...
You'll be letting me down if you don't put that shit together.
I want mashups.
I want music videos.
I want the whole thing.
Well, I bet you guys thought you saw me stumble into a strange type of snitch.
Goddamnit.
Dan, Dan, we're gonna take it again.
We'll take it again.
Okay, guys, go to the silence.
Applauds on three.
One, two, three.
Applauds.
Well, I bet you guys saw a haaaaaa...
We'll take it again.
Well, I bet you guys thought you saw me stumble into a weird sniper's nest of random conversation
about my pubic hair.
But it...
Which is also what we call your pubic hair, a sniper's nest.
This is low hanging fruit.
That's also what we call it.
He's getting old ladies, he's getting old.
But the truth is, I teed it all up, because it's all been a part of my master plan, because
I've got an ace up my sleeve, podcast wise, an expert on pubic management, Mr. DeMorge
Brown is here.
Yes you are sir.
Hello.
And how are you?
I know I keep sexually harassing you every time you come at us.
I think we're roughly the same age, because you're hitting this sexy whaler thing.
The high rolled turtleneck and the patches, you're like a hot collegiate kind of thing
going on.
Is it racist?
I want to take Polly Sy for me.
It's the Black Hemingway.
Black Hemingway!
Who is the Black, is there a Black Hemingway?
Who is the Black Hemingway?
Do we have him?
It's just you.
Flavor Flav, I think.
Flavor Flav?
Yeah.
Black Whalers Sport.
Sorry.
You just, if you want to take it.
I'm just saying, just go to the Florida Keys, I'm sure you'll find somebody.
Some guy who made a fortune in publishing, the Johnson publishing industry, Ebony Magazine,
and he's down in the Florida Keys right now and he's just fishing off his millions.
Jim Orange, tell us about your fubicare and the policies about it you have and what you
demand in others.
Or you can say pass and we'll just move on.
Well since I'm wearing this sweater I suppose I have to be frank.
I take care of my business.
Alright.
I manage it, yeah, of course, absolutely.
No outside help though, no clinics.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You manage it with?
Shears.
Finger shears.
The small scissors.
You cut it with scissors.
Scissors.
And a razor.
But you know, I'm a runner.
When you call scissors shears, really, by default?
I was just fucking around.
Oh, okay.
Shears are shears.
You know, they have their own purpose and avenue in life.
I am a runner and I run long distances when I'm really in a swing and so I have to because
there's a friction of it over time, like over the course of two or three weeks it just consists
of running.
It's just too much abrasion, friction, whatever.
That's it.
So I have to, and it's...
You know, we've had breast cancer survivors up here, but I'm really proud of us tonight.
I think we're very brave because men, you need to check yourselves.
Yeah, so okay, I'm afraid I'm going to, I keep getting these, I keep asking questions
like, just cut your pubic hair.
I feel like I'm being bullied a little bit, but I'll put a pin in it because I'm going
to keep asking.
I think the very first thing Kelly said, I think is the most, like to the point, she
said, like, talk to the person that you're with, like ask your girlfriend.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, fine.
No, I can't.
Yeah, but what am I supposed to do?
Talk?
I can't.
Or...
Do a will-I-am hologram of my girlfriend ago.
Yeah.
Mordegard, conjure her up.
Wait, what was I going to ask?
I was going to ask something, god damn it, fuck, shit, shit, such a fuck-up.
Or you just take the first step.
You were talking about how brave we were being compared to women who survived cancer.
Oh, well, how often?
What are we talking about?
Because like, I mean, you know, my fingernails, like, I'll be like, come on, again, with
you?
Yeah, I know what you mean.
We don't need them to scratch and claw our way to survival anymore.
I just wish you could just take a pill.
I've said this before.
Yeah.
They've got to make a pill, make her fingernails stop growing.
We don't need them no more.
Yep.
You should do if you drop a key.
Or a coin or a credit card, you got to use your fingernails, you know, to use your fingernails
for picking up shit.
I ain't using no fingernail for that.
They've got to make keys better.
Put a little handle on them.
We're primates.
But the people that make the handles that go on keys are going to need fingernails to
create the tools and the molds necessary.
Are you son of a bitch?
Are you going to be so elitist that you want to create a superclass of people that don't
need fingernails and let the underclass have to have long fingernails to make your weird
key handles?
Yeah.
You know, people wear glasses, we didn't just start killing people that couldn't see.
We evolved our culture.
Rob didn't wear his, he almost cut his dick off.
Connective tissue.
Wait, what was I going to, god damn it, harm you?
Cancer.
No, no, no.
What?
You're like a saboteur.
He wasn't talking about cancer.
Fingernails.
Fingernail growth, pill.
Fingernails growth, yeah.
Could there be a thing?
How often?
Yeah, not that it would mean anything to me, but it was like, yeah, what is it, monthly,
weekly?
Probably once every couple months.
Oh, really?
It depends on how fast it grows, but I don't think it grows super fast or anything.
Oh.
Yeah.
It's not like a daily routine.
You heard my lover say, every seven days she goes to a sci-fi, like, laser clinic.
Laser, that sounds dangerous.
Does it grow?
Dangerous.
Like arm hair doesn't grow.
I first moved here, one of my first famous sightings was SEAL, also known as SEAL Henry
SEAL.
And I told a bunch of people this, and one of my friends who was new, wait, what if the
story had nothing to do with pubic hair at all, and it's just like, Timur is just having
a stroke?
He just becomes the Floyd the Barber of our show.
Look it up, that's a reference.
All right, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
Leo Sayer, Floyd the Barber.
It's just Scottish with an afro, right?
Yeah.
And no teeth.
One of the friends I had from the Groundlings, I was telling him this story because I didn't
have many L.A. stories, so I was just saying, I just saw SEAL.
He said, my friend or my roommate, I can't remember, works in a spa or salon, and SEAL
comes in and gets the full body wax, the entire body, like his whole body.
He doesn't want any hair on his body.
And she said it was once a week, I think.
I would imagine, for me it would be.
He would have been in that area because that's where the spa was or something.
That seems like an all or nothing thing, if you have any hair at all, it's no good.
That was for his place.
I'm not saying I'm not willing to change, I mean, I'm just saying, when I look at my
body in the mirror, I'm like, holy fuck, man.
Where would I start?
How would I know when I'm finished?
I can see how I don't look like guys on TV, you know, and I don't know if they're like
born different or if they do stuff, but I'm like, where would I fucking start, man?
I guess, you know what, I'd start on my shoulders, because I'm like, well, that's definitely
not what a cop looks like when he takes his shirt off, if he's going to fight terrorists.
And I'm like, yeah, man, and I would do that for a while, I would like, I'd try to make
like a selfie stick for my, but then it was like, like, you go down and it's like, then
you look in the mirror and it's like, oh, it looks like you took a paintbrush with skin
on it and painted over a hair wall.
I was like, where, how do I, I can't, short of bringing another horrified victim into
this process, what am I supposed to do?
I'm like, literally, I would like, I would like try to like, mew, mew.
I don't, I don't, like, don't do that, like, if you get, that's, that's a slippery slide.
So don't do that.
I look like Dan Hadea when I take my clothes off.
I mean, I like, like, like, that's gotta be, I mean, like, I understand, oh, where she
puts her lips and what everything, but what, how about where she puts her eyes?
Jesus Christ.
How about where she puts her integrity?
I'm like, she must put it somewhere safe.
I like, I think they're just better people, these ladies.
I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to make sweeping generalizations about
like, they're not visually stimulated, but something is just stopping my girlfriend
from, from, from, from making decisions based on the reality.
So she somehow was able to live in some never ending story or something where like, I look
like a hot dog or a Spider-Man or just a, just a, just a, just a memory for her childhood
maybe.
It's like a big wad of cotton candy or a dove.
It's not, it's not about being, going through a full metamorphosis, it's about just a little
bit of, a little bit of groundskeeping.
Just, I mean, here's the thing, so like, like, so imagine, so I take off my shirt, so what
you're going to see, you guys have seen it, you know, Ron Jeremy territory, it's like
I'm wearing a black, hairy shirt.
And then I'm like, and it doesn't stop at my waist because it, it doesn't know that
it's a black, hairy shirt, it keeps going down my thighs and everywhere.
It's, for some reason, maybe because I wore socks for too long when I was a kid, but it
stops right at my ankles in a reverse hobbit thing.
So I have these beautiful, supple, baby smooth, hairless feet.
Do you know what a reverse hobbit is?
$20, same as in town.
A reverse hobbit is a difficult situation which is, which regrets.
So also, I'm just, I'm not saying I'm not going to do it, I'm not arguing about, I've
inspired tonight, I'm going to put steps, I'm going to have Steve schedule me a time
to-
Leave Steve out of it!
Look, if he doesn't-
You're killing me, your therapist is already worried about it.
But I'm just picturing this moment when I'm standing at the foot of the bed, and I'm like,
head to toe in this greasy, ursine fucking hair, I was like, like, like, like, and then
just like, right at my crotch, this is, this is like, oh, Tom Cruise is here, and it's
just like, it's not, there's nothing for some hill down there anyway, it's like the Hollywood
sign where it's like, we're going to get rid of this litter and it'll be Hollywood, it's
like, there's no sign, you know?
It's going to pop, man, it's going to be great, it's going to pop, it's going to draw the
eye right to it, you know?
No, it's not going to pop.
No, I get scared, I thought you knew something, I didn't-
That's what you want, it's going to pop, baby, it's going to pop.
It's going to leap off the screen.
Yeah.
Especially just during the on-grain on Tally for a second.
Once you pop, you can't stop, sorry, I cut somebody off who was talking.
It's going to want to make you reach in, grab it.
All right, well, I mean, you know, look, it was uncontrollable, the show just became
about that.
No, the show-
We were happier then when I was talking about Harvey Fierstein talking about Trump, like,
I mean, Dick Hare is warm, but that's our domain.
I was thinking that the word ur sign actually entered my head earlier today.
When you were looking at me.
No, there was a bear doctor drawn on the wall of where we last shot, you were there.
That was a chair moving.
There's no way that was a fart.
If it were a fart, then show's over.
Well, whose chair was it?
It was someone in the audience.
Whose chair has that many mics on it?
I'm so sorry.
You were using like a colloquialism.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
There was a sound that was like, oh, and Jeff went.
So anyway, I'm sorry.
There was a bear.
When we walked to where we shot the last shot today, there was like a pharmacy and it had
a cartoon bear doctor on the wall.
And for some reason the word ur sign entered my head and you just said it.
You look like you were accepting anything.
That is a weird word to think of twice in a day.
Yeah, when he said it.
Is there a word for when you, like the word, like you think of a word and then you start
hearing it all the time?
I do that all the time.
Like read it and hear it at the same time.
Yeah.
Like, oh, I haven't thought of the word, like porcine or whatever.
Yeah, I read it and see it everywhere.
Yeah.
Oh, I thought you meant when you hear it and read it at the same time.
No, no, no, but like a word that you think, oh, it's a word.
I keep hearing that word.
No, you always did.
That's kind of confirmation bias on the level, isn't it?
Oh, damn.
I mean, I don't think, I don't think so.
Yeah.
It's just, you're just now noticing it.
It's now on your radar.
You've heard that mathematically the exact same amount of time as probably.
Yeah.
It's related in the Uber to here.
For some reason thought of Weird Al Yankovic and right after that, the Eye of the Tiger
came on the radio and I could only hear the Weird Al, Rai or the Kaiser version of it.
I've never heard that one.
Rai or the Kaiser?
Yeah.
It's on in 3D.
The ballad of a theme to Rocky 12 or something.
So he's, he's, he's ordering a sandwich and he's like, what a deli man.
You want the Rai or the Kaiser?
It's a Rubin tonight, we're going to put some sauerkraut and that's weird.
Weird Al Yankovic is the Chuck Yeager of parody in that he broke the parody barrier by which
you can't tell if someone reads you a title of a song, whether it's a Weird Al Yankovic
song or a parody of a Weird Al Yankovic parody, like, like, like, how would you like write
a joke where you're like, oh, Weird Al Yankovic did this song?
It's like, how would you tell the joke from reality?
It's like, well, you take a popular song and you turn it, make it about food and by any
means necessary.
That's what he really does.
Were you thinking I was making that up?
No, no, I was just, I was marveling that if you had made it up, I wouldn't have been
able to tell.
I can't believe there's a song called Rai, this, I don't only have a strong opinion.
Our friend Dino hates, hates Weird Al, like, really, really, truly hates him.
I don't have a strong opinion.
I've met him once or twice, he's a lovely, lovely fellow, he's a good dude.
But like, I don't, like, I don't, like, go out of my way to hear his stuff, but why
are the Kaiser?
I kind of like that one.
It's good.
It's one of the...
Do you know Alan Sherman?
Sure.
Yeah.
Like, he's, like, those are funny.
That's easy originally.
Now, funny, I mean, I brought it up so it doesn't really count, but in the show today,
I was singing, you know, A Taste of Honey, he has one called A Waste of Money, and it's
really funny.
Do we have, like, an instrumental track that's good enough, not a rap beat, but, like, just
anything where, Jeff, I'll sing a song, like, a straight up the middle one, and then you
do the parody of it.
Wait, why do I have to do all the hard work?
Okay, let me see if I have something instrumental.
This is real improv.
Yeah.
My song's the straight line.
And I had to do the weird out version of it.
You are my sweetie.
You are the sweetest thing I've ever seen today.
And you are the best thing in the world.
I love my sweetie girl.
All right, all right, I got it, I got it.
I weird alify that.
Yeah.
All right.
There you go.
I love big ziti.
It's my favorite pasta in the world.
It's a thick tubular pasta.
You can put sauce.
I love big ziti.
It's a great side dish with some meat or maybe some fish.
Also, a squeeze of your titty.
All right, now, I'm going to do one.
I'm going to do one.
Clearly.
You guys are applauding inverse show ending dynamics.
Yeah, tip that Hindenburg's nose cone toward the ground.
I don't want to thrust it upon you, but let's keep it going.
Let's pass the button out.
Demorige, you straight line this one.
Andrew, you weird alify.
No, no, no, I didn't sign up for anything like that.
If you don't have it, you're allowed to say pass and one of us.
Whatever the procedure is, that's what I'm doing.
All right, Demorige, you can sing a straight song.
That might actually be a real song.
I like to go outside and look at the sun and look at the stars.
That means I go out in the day and the night.
I'm never inside.
I'm a monster man.
That's a good song.
Wait, no.
Can I change the rules?
I want to know more second act of monster man.
What we know about him so far is he goes out in the daytime and the night time, which
we have every right to do.
He has a different relationship with the moon and the sun.
He's a monster man.
That was one of the most amazing fucking things I've ever.
I was just hitting the turtle in the head.
Gary Newman song, it was really good.
There wasn't a single fumfer, but it was when you look at the lyrics, you're like, what
the fuck?
I like to go out and look at the sun and look at the sun and look at the day and the night.
I also am a monster man.
You know what I'm going to call myself a monster man?
The greatest hits of Frank Sinatra, Junior Junior.
That song doesn't deserve to be paradise.
That's too good on its own.
It's a very casual confessional.
I mean, I got so many questions about monster man, it seemed like he just, he knows what
he likes.
He likes walks in the daytime and the night time.
This is hubris, but let me try it.
I'm convinced that I can do it.
I'm going to give it the same track because I'm limited here.
Well, yeah, that's I'm doing his parody.
I like to go with the bun and when I see the cars, I go by, I'm a lobster can.
The larger juggers that I thought I could do it, I thought it would just happen.
And I got greedy.
I was off the hook and I was like, well, come on, in all due respect, I'd like to give
that a shot.
They were going to move on.
And I was like, come on.
I was like, you forgot something.
So you had, you thought of lobster can only.
No, I didn't.
I swear.
No, I did not.
I did not.
That's not fair.
Made a second.
Two verses of gibberish.
How did you get it?
I thought you were having a lobster can.
I'll tell you, I will show my work.
I'll tell you exactly what I thought when the pressure was on and I was listening to
Demorge before everything gave way to holy shit.
This is a toe tapper and we have a new Harry Connick Jr. emerging.
I was like, uh, I thought I was like, well, he said, I like to go in the sun and I was
like, well, that should be a bun because that's edible.
And then I, and then, and then I, I did, I was like the enigma machine.
You guys won't they say Hyal Hitler and all the messages to do it.
Translates everything into food for a weird album.
I thought, I thought, I thought bun and I thought can, I didn't know how to connect
him.
Lobster came to me.
That's good.
Like fucking Joan of Arc style and that's actually probably went through me.
Dance, dance shit.
Lobster.
Dan from the top.
From the top.
I want to hear the song.
Lobster can.
Now you have a, you had a moment.
Are you ready?
Okay.
Well, no.
Hey, everybody out there, it's champagne time.
Grab your dance partner and we're doing something called the style dance.
I like to go in the bun and when I don't have the fun, I like to go in the car.
I have so many things to eat, but I don't know what to do with my lobster can.
A lobster can, it's a can, pull a lobster as fast as you can.
Why would you eat a lobster if it was so unfresh and had to come in a can?
I want to go with the park and when it's after dark, I see the elephant man.
I go and tug on his trunk and when I'm drunk, I need a lobster can.
Oh, seafood, salty as can be, I want to definitely off, this is not matching the thing.
It's perfect.
It was fantastic.
But it's not, it wasn't a parody.
Spencer, you want to give it a world?
You want to be straight man or punch line man?
I don't know.
Whatever you want.
I'll do whatever anyone wants me to do.
What do you think, Harmon?
Where has Spencer best served to be the one that sets it up for somebody or the one that
brings it home?
I think he, honestly.
I think because you're a logician, you know, you're a, you're a, let's give him a straight
one.
Andrew?
What?
I'm still out.
No, you're terrified right now.
Yeah, yeah, no, no.
Let's, Jeff, come on, Jeff, come on.
You, Spencer does the straight line.
I just realized, you look like kind of like sexy young Bogdanovich.
You ever get that?
Jeff, that's awful.
That's awful.
No.
That's not true.
I said sexy and young.
No, no, no, no.
You look like a sexy young, you already use elephant man.
He's a lobster king.
That's exactly, like fucking, there never was a sexy young Peter Bogdanovich.
There is now, it's you.
What?
I mean that as a comedy.
I'm saying you're attractive gentleman.
More attractive than the current Peter Bogdanovich.
No, I'm saying sexy young pre last picture show, you know, Cybill Shepherd fucking.
In this 18 month window. Yeah, he had his moment. He wore bigger glasses
He had the big and still the cravat always always do with the cravat. Yeah. Yeah, I know he's a terrible person
I'm not saying you're like him. He married Dorothy Stratton's sister
After she was murdered. Have you seen star 80? Oh shit? Really? Yeah. No. Wow. Mm-hmm. Okay, so he's okay
I just wanted to besmirch Peter Bogdanovich. That was my one goal for tonight
No, he famous. I mean that's Laura's that he you know, it's like his his his I don't want to spread it
But but yeah, it's back. His wife was the was the juice. You know, she was like
She was she was the she was Dorothy Stratton the
senator the playboy playmate who was murdered and
And she was his girlfriend and then she was murdered and then he married her sister
I was like, well, you're still here. Oh, okay. This is a whole different. I
What about the fact that wait, wait, who did he do?
Last picture show with of Cybill Shepherd, right? No, but I mean what wait was he with her? No, he left
You know, he Billy Bob Thornton'd his wife for
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, his wife. I wasn't gonna like flank him and attack him from all
Your story is more. I don't know. I don't know which one's more incredible. That's all I only have one
Peter Bogdanovich, if you're out there, we'd love to have you on the show
All right, the show's gonna answer Harmon straight line at Spencer. Yeah, again. No, no, no, Spencer straight line it
You fucking close it. Don't I don't be a dick?
All right
But listen
Okay, I will take I will take up that mantle
But but if you've got one if you if you if you're listening to it and you've got one
You're allowed to come in and do it like I go whoever between us has it. Okay, fine. I'm not gonna have one
All right, Spencer. Hey Andrew, whatever protocol. I didn't follow that. I have one. I've been burnt
Whenever you like to come into the song give us the
Uh
The non-weird Albert
Oh look, it's the sun and the moon. Oh shit, there's a monster man
Got my new balance shoes now I'm running as fast as I can
I got this
Oh
Hey, look, I've got a button in a spoon
and a lobster can
I'm gonna go and eat this canned lobster because I'm a
I'm a monster man
But now now you've gone and put us into overtime
Shit, you know, you know how overtime works. It's sudden death. Yeah, this is this is a sudden death round
All right, so let's hear some more from DeMorge
Play a different song for I say you straight man at DeMorge take it home, but
Tip tip tap do you hear that tap and it's the sleepy man come to steal your sleep
He's gonna go into your bedroom when your nightmares come. That's when he'll creep. Never stop. Let's keep going
Those creams are yours to sell, but his are yours to sow and grow
Sleepy man's gonna be in your head. And if you don't come home, he'll be in your bed
Sleepy man is a catch-all boogeyman. He's gonna do things to you bad
Sleepy man's always following you. He's a metaphor for mental illness
Thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody
Andrew Weinberg DeMorge Brown, thank you Kelly for coming up on stage Rob Schrab who's left to Steve Levy
Spencer Crittenden, then I'm Jeff Davis your mayor Dan Harmon
This show brought to you by proven cubes
Drive fast and take chances
Congratulations in your marriage. I think we think yeah muscle top Kelly and your your neatly groomed fiance. Did you get any of that?